1. 4 rules for regexp's that show how many times the previous expression to be repeated:

* - zero or more times
+ - 1 or more times
{1,} - 1 or more times
{2, 3} - between 2 and 3 times (min 2 max 3 times)


2. Nr maixm de procese fiu:
   8, pt ca 0, 3, 6, 9 o sa faca wait(0)
   cand ajunge la procesul 9, p1 se va incheia si va fi scos din program, raman p2-9 => 8 procese


3. Un proces deschide fifo pt citire si e singurul proces ce va folosi vreodata acel fifo, cand isi va incheia executia?
	Niciodata, pentru ca acesta asteapta un alt proces pe cealalta parte a fifo-ului sa citeasca ce scrie, dar acesta
nu va exista.

4. I would use as many threads as there are CPU cores to maximize efficiency.That way, the threads will execute in parallel
and I would have as many operations as possible without needing to go past a CPU-bound.

5. T=N1=N2=N3=1

6. I/O operations (input/output) will put the process that handles them on wait because they have to wait for the data to
be ready for writing/reading (that means that the data is read from the disk handler or that the data is written to the
data storage of the disk handler) before they can run again. When the I/O operations are completely executed, the
process will be out of the Waiting state and into the Ready state waiting for the CPU to be scheduled.

7.
Paged allocation vs variable partition allocation

Paged : - The virtual memory (logical memory) is divided into fixed-sized blocks called PAGES
	- Physical memory is divided into fixed-size blocks called FRAMES
	- PAGES and FRAMES have usually the same size
	Page table : The page table contains entries that map page numbers to frame numbers
Accessing paged memory: When a process needs to use the memory, the virual address is divided into a page number and an offset
The page number is used to look up the frame number in the Page table, then with the offset gives the actual memory address.
Advantages: - prevents fragmentation
	    - efficient use of memory and easy swapping of pages in and out of memory
Disadvantages: none


Variable partition allocation: - The memory is dynamically allocated to processes as needed, creating partitions that are
				sized to fit the processes requirements
Advantages: - Flexible memory allocation that fit processes needs
Disadvantages: - Without compaction, it can lead to fragmentation (scattered memory blocks in the memory segment)

How data is placed in variable partition allocation:
First-Fit: allocates the first hole that is big enough to fit the processes' requirements
Worst-Fit: allocates the largest hole. This leaves out larger leftover holes which can be used for future requests
Best-Fit: allocates the smallest hole that is big enough to fit the data. This requires a search but minimises leftovers.

Answer:
The advantage of using partition allocation is that the memory is flexibily allocated to fit each processes' requirements
but one disadvantage that paged memory allocation takes care of is memory fragmentation, because blocks of memory may remain
scattered over the memory segment. Another advantage which paged memory allocation doesn't have is the fact that the address
is calculated much more simply by just using the partition number and the offset


8. First-fit vs Worst-fit, advantage and disadvantage of using first compared to worst
The first fit is much faster than worst fit because it allocates the first space that is found that is big enough to
fit the data, but a disadvantage is that it can cause memory fragmentation.


9. What is the most prioritary memory page that the NRU (not recently used) replacement chooses as a victim page?
NRU will pick the first non-empty page as a victim page. This is the priority order of the NRU placement:
not read and not written recently -> written recently -> read recently -> read and written recently
READ/WRITTEN can be REFERENCED/MODIFIED
So the most priority will be the not read and not written recently page.


10. size of block - B
    size of address - A
    triple indirect addressing of inode
How many data blocks are addressed by the triple addressing method of the inode?
(B/A)^3 = number of DATA BLOCKS addressed                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  